feat: add parseSuccessResponseBody Option (#602)
octokit/request.js: README.md

      Used for internal logging. Defaults to <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console"><code>console</code></a>.
    </td>
  </tr>
  </tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.request.parseSuccessResponseBody</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      <code>boolean</code>
    </td>
    <td>

>       If set to <code>false</code> the request will return a Stream as response.data for successful requests (e.g. <code>200 OK</code> status code).

Author: I actually wanted to add a "Useful in case you want to stream a file download." But I didnt know if you want such a opinionated comment in the documentation. But I fear that other devs will not immediatly understand why that is useful.

Reviewer: How about the following wording:
This option may be useful when downloading field from the GitHub API

Author: do you mean "when downloading files"?

Reviewer: Yeah. Bad autocorrect

Author: ```suggestion
      If set to <code>false</code> the request will return a Stream as response.data for successful requests (e.g. <code>200 OK</code> status code).
      This option may be useful when downloading files from the GitHub API.
```

      Used for internal logging. Defaults to <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/console"><code>console</code></a>.
    </td>
  </tr>
  </tr>
    <th align=left>
      <code>options.request.parseSuccessResponseBody</code>
    </th>
    <td>
      <code>boolean</code>
    </td>
    <td>

>       If set to <code>false</code> the request will return a Stream as response.data for successful requests (e.g. <code>200 OK</code> status code).
>       This option may be useful when downloading files from the GitHub API.
>       Defaults to <code>true</code>.

Reviewer 2: I think it's `response.body`? 

Maybe phrase it like this

```suggestion
      If set to <code>false</code> the returned `response` will be passed through from `fetch`. This is useful to stream response.body when downloading files from the GitHub API.
```

I would also leave out the`Defaults to <code>true</code>.` bit because I'd say by default we don't set it to anything. In future we might as well support setting it to a function.

Author: the thing is that request.js is changing body to data. Maybe I should change it to parseSuccessResponseData?

Reviewer: Where did you see that we were changing `body` to `data`? The `data` parameter was removed, https://github.com/octokit/request.js/pull/604
